Update migrating-from-azure-pipelines-to-github-actions.md (#8979)
github/docs: content/actions/learn-github-actions/migrating-from-azure-pipelines-to-github-actions.md

- Azure Pipelines supports a legacy _classic editor_, which lets you define your CI configuration in a GUI editor instead of creating the pipeline definition in a YAML file. {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} uses YAML files to define workflows and does not support a graphical editor.
- Azure Pipelines allows you to omit some structure in job definitions. For example, if you only have a single job, you don't need to define the job and only need to define its steps. {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} requires explicit configuration, and YAML structure cannot be omitted.

> - Azure Pipelines supports _stages_ defined in the YAML file, which can be used to create deployment workflows. {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} requires you to separate stages into separate YAML workflow files.

Reviewer: Usługa Azure Pipelines obsługuje _stages_ zdefiniowane w pliku YAML, który może służyć do tworzenia przepływów pracy wdrażania. {% danych variables.product.prodname_actions %} wymaga oddzielenia etapów na oddzielne pliki przepływu pracy YAML.

Author: Hi - could you please translate your feedback in english? Thanks

Reviewer 2: Eveything looks great well done ✅

Reviewer 3: Xin chào

> - Azure Pipelines supports _stages_ defined in the YAML file, which can be used to create deployment workflows. {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} requires you to separate stages into separate YAML workflow files. You can leverage the `workflow_run` webhook event trigger to concatenate the stages similar to Azure Pipelines.

Reviewer 4: minor wording change to clarify a bit
```suggestion
- Azure Pipelines supports _stages_ defined in the YAML file, which can be used to create deployment workflows. {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} requires you to separate stages into separate YAML workflow files. You can use the `workflow_run` webhook event trigger to run the {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} workflows one after another, similar to Azure Pipelines.
```
